Update Nuxt Framework guide in Pages doc (#3766)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/framework-guides/nuxt.md

```sh
$ npx create-nuxt-app my-nuxt-app
```

> You'll be prompted with some questions (project name, UI option, linter, or testing framework, etc), when asked which deployment target to use, select **static** as your option for hosting.
> 
> Next, navigate to the project and run it using the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be prompted to fill in various fields, such as `Project name`, `UI option`, `Linting tools`, and `Testing framework`, in your terminal. When asked which deployment target to use, you will be given two options: **Server** and **Static**. Select **Static** as your option for hosting.

Next, navigate to the project and run it using the command:
```

Author: Thanks! Looks great :)
